# JobCoin Mixer
This is Lixuan's implementation of a simple cryptocurrency mixer.

One can run the example with the following command:
```shell
python ./Test.py
```

The design of this mixer can be described as follow:
1. One can generate a unique Deposit Address(**DA**) based on a list of addresses that a user owns and a randomly generated salt string with the help of `SHA224`.
Then, this **DA** is the address a user would use to receive money for anybody.
In the meanwhile, one can bind the user's Withdraw Address(**WA**) with this **DA** so that one knows where to dole out JobCoin for the user.
2. The House Account Address(**HAA**) is generated by applying `SHA224` to the mixer's `uuid`. One mixer can only have one **HAA**.
3. The `Mixer` has a method that can keep monitoring the transactions of the JobCoin. If it finds a transaction whose receive's address is one the **DA**s, it will automatically move the money to its **HAA** and keeps a record of how much money is transferred to this **DA**.
4. The `Mixer` will keep doling out a small fraction of money that is wired to a certain **DA** to its corresponding **WA** in every *n* seconds (in this implementation n=5).

In the `Test.py`, there are two users named `Bob` and `Caro`, each of whom provides a list of five new, unused addresses and one **WA**. Then I generate a **DA** for each of them.

Then a third user named `Richman` makes two transactions. One for Bob's **DA** with the amount of `5.32` and the other one goes to Caro's **DA** with the amount of `10.22`.

After that, the codes will do what a `Mixer` should do. Related information will be displayed.
